fix(na):  specify correct port for production CHT Core deployments (#1656)
medic/cht-docs: content/en/hosting/analytics/setup-docker-compose.md

In the `cht-sync` folder, copy the values from the `env.template` file to a `.env` file. For more information, see the references on the [Environment variables page]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}).

> For production CHT Core deployments, most likely the port will need to be set to `443` like this: `COUCHDB_PORT=443`. This is because CHT Core uses an `nginx` [reverse proxy]({{< relref "core/overview/architecture#overview" >}}) on port `443`, instead the default `5984` port used in a stand alone CouchDB instance which the `env.template` [has](https://github.com/medic/cht-sync/blob/bbe9801b678761165262d0f1325007fc9eae31cf/env.template#L22).

Reviewer: What's the default port cht-sync tries to connect if the port is not provided? Can you also mention commenting out the COUCHDB_PORT entirely is also the way?

Author: It's not the default CHT Sync port per se, it's [the Node Axios library](https://axios-http.com/) we're using. As with any http library, like `curl` for example, if you specify a secure connection (`COUCHDB_SECURE=true`) and don't specify a port, the implicitly declared port is `443`.  However, when I use this with Docker Helper, I specify `COUCHDB_SECURE=true` and am very happy I can easily set the port to `10433`.  

I think keeping this variable declared and explicit better than undeclared and implicit.

> For production CHT Core deployments, most likely the port will need to be set to `443` like this: `COUCHDB_PORT=443`. This is because CHT Core uses an `nginx` [reverse proxy]({{< relref "core/overview/architecture#overview" >}}) on port `443`, instead the default `5984` port used in a stand alone CouchDB instance which the `env.template` [has](https://github.com/medic/cht-sync/blob/bbe9801b678761165262d0f1325007fc9eae31cf/env.template#L22).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For production CHT Core deployments, most likely, the port will need to be set to `443` like this: `COUCHDB_PORT=443`. This is because CHT Core uses an `nginx` [reverse proxy]({{< relref "core/overview/architecture#overview" >}}) on port `443`, instead of the default `5984` port used in a stand alone CouchDB instance which the `env.template` [has]({{< relref "hosting/analytics/environment-variables" >}}).
```
